---

layout: post
title: "Uplink" 
author: "Ro"

---

<!-- 
You're the only human left in a world full of androids

Premise:
    Everyone has become Android expect you
Character:
    Damiyen: The Last Human
Setting:
    Damiyen is sick with a new virus
    Drugs are not being produced any more as all the humans have been enhanced to be android
    Damiyen finally decides it is time to become an Android, it is better than dying anyway

Goals:
    Writing in First-Person Narrative
-->

"Gemma," I called for my wife. A year back-- before she had decided to become an android-- she was the most beautiful woman, but now she was like every other human-- metallic and electronic.

"What is it Damiyen?" she stomped into my room, "Ugh, what is that smell?"

"Nevermind that," I had shut myself in the room for the last three days, "My cough's getting worse! Can you see if we have any soup left?" The food had lost all its taste and my nose felt as if someone had stuffed a tonne of jelly in it.

She rolled her electronic eyes, leaving me alone in my room, "Did I make a mistake?" I found myself wondering. A year back Android Systems LLC had found a way to upload the human consciousness onto a neural chip, and the best part was it was cheaper than buying a bottle of water. Everyone uploaded their consciousness to an android-- who wouldn't? It offered immortality. I tried to stop Gemma, "Do you know you'll not be able to have sex?" I tried to persuade her most basic instinct.

"I've been reading online," Gemma said without looking at me, "They are going to update the android and you'll be able to have sex." 

"Oh?" I rolled my eyes, "So now we can upgrade ourselves like ordinary software? What happened to the survival of the fittest, what happened to a million years of evolution?"

"Damiyen," Gemma said, "I've decided. Don't try to change my mind. I don't mind if you decide to stay human, I'm going to upload my consciousness, I'm going to become immortal."

Gemma returned with a bowl of soup, stomping along, "I can never get used to you walking so heavily!" 

"This is the last soup," Gemma said placing it on the side table. 

She put her hands on her hips and gave me a chilling look-- well her robot eyes chilled me to my bones-- and I knew what she was going to say. "I'm considering," Damiyen said wrapping his cold fingers around the hot bowl of soup.

"Good." She stomped away, leaving me cold and alone. 

"Don't they see," I had to vent it out, "They are all connected to one giant supercomputer. Something goes wrong and we stop functioning-- all at once. They'll know every thought that crosses my mind, there'll be no privacy. Don't they remember the time when a corporate declared independence?" I had to break my rant as I started coughing. I felt a stabbing pain in my chest and a dull ache in my head. Maybe becoming an android won't be so bad. 

"No illness, no death, no fear of losing your loved ones forever. I would definitely like that." I blew my nose and a green fluid ejected. For all my worries about privacy, I didn't pause to think about all the good being an android would do. Android Systems LLC had claimed-- and many independent studies proved it-- that a human was carbon equivalent of approximately 10000 androids. I wanted to see more animals, greener in the world, and being an android was in that direction.

Finishing the hot soup, I walked up to the window and let the cold air sweep inside. "Hmm." I took a deep breath, "If only I could feel the fresh air. If I could smell the flowers and freshly mowed grass." What other choice did I have? I thought as I saw the sunset behind a towering building. Once everybody had opted to become an android, food corporations pivoted. They began producing fluids necessary for the smooth functioning of the android body.

I hoarded soups, canned beans, and potatoes. I even started farming potatoes but I overestimated my skills potatoes didn't last long. As I saw, I had only two choices, *Die or become an android.* 

"Gemma," I called my wife, coming to a decision. For all I hated Android Systems' privacy practices, I wanted to be with my wife more than anything else, "Let's do it." I walked up to the computer and put on the cap, "I'll be here in an hour." I pressed the button and uploaded consciousness finally becoming just another android.